USER AGREEMENT FOR GEODATA SERVICE

Effective date: 10.01.2020

This English version is a translation. Only the Russian version which can be found at http://nextgis.ru/terms-data is legally binding.

Please read this User Agreement for Geodata Service (“User Agreement”) carefully because it presents a public offer to enter into a legally binding agreement, made by Administrator in accordance with Article 438 of the Civil Code of the Russian Federation. By paying for the Services User signifies his/her acceptance of this User Agreement and agrees to be bound by it in accordance with Article 438 of the Civil Code of the Russian Federation.


1. Definitions

1.1. NextGIS Geodata Service (“Geodata Service”, “Service”) - web service “NextGIS Data” owned by Administrator and available at http://data.nextgis.com/, used for ordering and downloading of spatial datasets prepared by Administrator. 

1.2. Administrator - “NextGIS” LLC, incorporated under the laws of Russian Federation and registered at: Novoryazanskaya str., 26, building 1, Moscow, 105066, Russia. 

1.3. User - individual of 18 years old or older, who’s obtained NextGIS ID and uses Geodata Service in accordance with the present User Agreement. User acting on behalf of another person (individual or legal entity) represents that he/she has the authority to enter into legally binding agreements on behalf of that person. In that case User Agreement binds both the User and the person represented by User.

1.4. Customer – User or another person represented by User, who have paid for the Services in accordance with the present User Agreement. All User Agreement provisions addressed to User are addressed in full to the Customer. 

1.5. Dashboard – section of Administrator’s website available at my.nextgis.com and designed for creation and management of User account, Services Orders and Services management. 

1.6. Order – list of parameters of the Services selected by User, including:
- name of a spatial dataset;
- legal (source, license) and technical (geometry, format, layers, coordinate system, additional data) parameters of a spatial dataset;
- single/regular access to a spatial dataset;
- access period to Geodata Service and update frequency of a spatial dataset (in case of a regular access to a spatial dataset);
- total price of the Services.
The Order is created electronically, via Geodata Service web interface (order and payment forms, feedback forms, etc.), or via Dashboard, or via email.

1.7. In case User Agreement contains terms not defined in this Section they must be construed in accordance with User Agreement text. If it doesn’t provide unambiguous meaning, they shall be construed: first, in accordance with NextGIS Terms of Service available at http://nextgis.com/terms and Privacy Policy available at http://nextgis.com/privacy; second, in accordance with rules and principles of international law; third, in accordance with laws of the Russian Federation.


2. Agreement Subject, Price and Term

2.1. Administrator delivers the services to provide User with an access to NextGIS Geodata Service on a single or regular basis (the “Services”), and User accepts and pays for the Services on the terms of present User Agreement. 
Providing an access to NextGIS Geodata Service on a single basis includes: activating User access to Geodata Service, generating the ordered spatial dataset and providing a download link for it via email or Dashboard.
Providing an access to NextGIS Geodata Service on a regular basis includes: activating User access to Geodata Service, generating the first version of the ordered spatial dataset and providing a download link for it via email or Dashboard.

2.2. The price of the Services is determined by the Order and fixed in the Administrator’s Invoice which is considered to be an integral part of the User Agreement. Administrator draws the Invoice in electronic form within 2 (two) working days after receipt of User Order. 

2.3. Administrator delivers the Services not later than 10 (ten) working days after the payment date. Administrator may postpone the delivery date following User request to do so. Administrator reserves the right to suspend User access to Geodata Service after the paid access period has expired.

2.4. In case the Services include a request for data from public authorities, the term for the Services delivery mentioned in Clause 2.3 lengthens by the period required by the appropriate public authority to complete such request. 


3. Payments and Acceptance

3.1. Customer pays for the Services by settling the Administrator’s Invoice: 
- via bank transfer from Customer’s bank account to Administrator’s bank account.
- via online payment systems or other payment options (including third-party app stores) using links in Geodata Service web interface. 

3.2. Customer pays for the Services within 5 (five) working days after receipt of the Invoice. All payments under this Agreement are VAT-exempt according to Chapter 26.2 of the Tax Code of the Russian Federation.

3.3. The date of receipt of due amounts to Administrator’s bank account shall be regarded as the date of payment. 

3.4. For accounting purposes Administrator shall send the Acceptance Act to Customer - legal entity after the delivery of the Services. The Act shall be sent to the email indicated in the Customer Dashboard or in Customer’s last Order.

3.5. Customer shall sign the Acceptance Act and send signed copy of the Acceptance Act, or his grounds for rejection of signing the Acceptance Act, to info@nextgis.com within 5 (five) working days after its receipt. If the grounds for rejection of signing the Acceptance Act are not received by Administrator within the specified period, the Act shall be deemed signed and the Services shall be considered delivered in full and accepted by the Customer.

3.6.  In case Customer’s grounds for rejection of signing the Acceptance Act will be deemed valid, Administrator shall send the corrected Act to the Customer within 3 (three) working days after the receipt of the grounds. Customer shall send his grounds for rejection of signing of the corrected Act within 1 (one) working day after its receipt, otherwise the corrected Act shall be deemed signed and the Services shall be considered delivered in full and accepted by the Customer.

3.7. In case Customer needs an original of the signed Act, then after the receipt of the Act he shall forward to the Administrator two original copies of the Act signed on behalf of the Customer. After their receipt the Administrator shall sign them and send one copy back to the Customer within 5 (working) days. 


4. Rights and Obligations of the Parties

4.1. Administrator is obligated:
4.1.1. To deliver Services to User in accordance with the present User Agreement, NextGIS Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, rules and principles of international law, laws of the Russian Federation.
4.1.2. To take all possible steps to eliminate Geodata Service malfunctions, interruptions and level decreases, and to notify User in advance about upcoming interruptions of Geodata Service, when possible.
4.1.3. To provide User with all necessary information about Geodata Service prices and terms of use.  

4.2. Administrator has a right:
4.2.1. To stop delivery of the Services to User temporarily or altogether: 
- during assembling works, repairs, maintenance and testing activities, as well as during failures and outages of any equipment used for providing Services to Users;
- if Administrator learns of any User actions violating laws of the Russian Federation and/or harming Administrator, other users or third parties;
- if User fails to pay for paid access in time;
- in other cases stipulated in User Agreement, NextGIS Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, rules and principles of international law, laws of the Russian Federation.
4.2.2. To receive from User information required for execution of User Agreement.
4.2.3. To subcontract third parties bearing full responsibility for their actions.

4.3. User is obligated:
4.3.1. To use Geodata Service in accordance with the present User Agreement, NextGIS Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, rules and principles of international law, laws of the Russian Federation.

4.4. User has a right:
4.4.1. To use Geodata Service for commercial or non-commercial purposes.
4.4.2. To receive from Administrator all necessary information about Geodata Service prices and terms of use.
4.4.3. To ask Administrator any questions regarding level and quality of the Services.


5. Termination of User Agreement and Refunds Policy

5.1. This User Agreement may be terminated:
5.1.1. By both Parties agreeing to it, at any time.
5.1.2. By any of the Parties, in case another Party violates terms of this User Agreement or NextGIS Terms of Service, with prior notification of another Party.

5.2. In case of early termination of User Agreement, if the Services have not been delivered in full, Administrator may refund Customer’s payments for the undelivered Services. Refunds are made on the basis of Customer’s request, non-cash only. Refunds can’t be made to third parties. The refunds policy is the same for individual Customers and legal entities.

5.3. Administrator does not refund Customer’s payments for the Services undelivered on account of public authorities not completing or late completing data requests made by Administrator, in case Services can not be delivered prior to receiving the requested data from public authorities. 


6. Warranties and Liability of the Parties

6.1. For the duration of User Agreement Administrator shall exercise reasonable care in keeping Geodata Service available for use. At the same time User accepts the risk of possible outages and malfunctions in Geodata Service and agrees that Administrator does not have technical means to predict their occurence, notice User about them in advance or  fully eliminate their possibility. The occurrence of outages or malfunctions, regardless of their reasons or consequences, can not serve as a basis for Administrator liability. 

6.2. Geodata Service and its functionality are provided “as is”. Except for guarantees specifically indicated in this User Agreement Administrator excludes all direct or indirect warranties about Geodata Service or its specific functions and their fitness for a particular purpose.

6.3.  The Parties shall incur a liability for the infringement of terms of this User Agreement in accordance with the User Agreement and the laws of Russian Federation. 

6.4. In no case Administrator shall be liable for: à) any actions or failures to act caused by User’s and/or third parties’ actions or failure to act; b) any User’s and/or third parties’ losses irrespective of Administrator’s ability to predict them; c) use of the selected way of payment for the Services (or inability to do so), and all possible consequences of these User actions, as well as use of any means of communication by Users and/or third parties (or their inability to do so).

6.5. In no case Administrator and its employees will be liable for any damages, including data losses, or lost profits caused by use of Geodata Service or Administrator blocking or deleting User access to Geodata Service, blocking or deleting User account. 

6.6. If Administrator, in Customer’s opinion, fails to deliver the Services properly and in full, Customer may forward to Administrator a written claim asking for a refund of Customer’s documented damages and/or early termination of this User Agreement. Administrator is bound to reply to such written claim within 10 (ten) days after its receipt. In case Customer’s damages are deemed valid by Administrator, it shall give Customer a refund not exceeding the price of the Services not delivered properly and in full, and/or terminate this User Agreement.

6.7. Neither Party will be liable for any delay or failure to meet its obligations under this User Agreement due to circumstances beyond its reasonable control, and the deadline for performance of obligations will be extended for the duration of such circumstances. In the event Administrator is prevented from performing its obligations under this User Agreement due to circumstances beyond its reasonable control, it will as soon as possible (but not later than within 5 (five) working days) notify User about them and about their expected duration via email or by publishing this information at Administrator’s website. Circumstances beyond reasonable control of the Parties include but are not limited to war, riot, insurrection, civil commotion, labor strikes or lockouts, shortages, power outages, fire, flood, earthquake or storm, as well as regulations and actions of government bodies entered into legal force after the Effective date and making performance of obligations under User Agreement impossible. If circumstances beyond reasonable control of the Parties and/or their consequences last more than thirty calendar days in succession, the User Agreement may be terminated at any time by any Party sending written notification to another Party.

6.8. The liability of Administrator for the failure to perform obligations in accordance with this User Agreement may not exceed the Services price. 

6.9. In all cases the aggregate liability of Administrator in accordance with Article 15 of Civil Code of the Russian Federation is limited to 5 000 (five thousand) Russian rubles, and Administrator can be charged with it only if found guilty in his actions or failure to act.


7. Miscellaneous

7.1. This User Agreement is concluded between Administrator and User regarding use of Geodata Service. This User Agreement is made effective for the unlimited period of time and supersedes and replaces any prior agreements between Administrator and User regarding use of Geodata Service.

7.2. This User Agreement and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the Russian Federation without regard to the location of User or his/her equipment. All claims arising out of or relating to this User Agreement will be litigated exclusively in the courts located at Administrator’s place of registration. 

7.3. In case of any dispute relating to this User Agreement User and Administrator first shall seek to resolve them by conducting talks. If dispute is not resolved in this way, it shall be resolved using procedure set by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

7.4. This User Agreement is originally drafted in Russian language and may be provided to User for perusing in another language. If there is any inconsistency between Russian language and another language of User Agreement, the Russian version will prevail to the extent of the inconsistency. 

7.5. If it turns out that a particular term of User Agreement is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.

7.6. Administrator may modify/update this User Agreement from time to time without giving any prior notice. The most current version of the Terms is available at http://nextgis.com/terms-data. Administrator recommends Users to check this page for updates. By continuing to access or use Geodata Service after User Agreement was modified/updated, User agrees to be bound by the updated User Agreement. 

7.7. All questions, notices and claims arising from User Agreement shall be sent: 
- via email: à) to User’s email address indicated in Dashboard, when it is addressed to User, b) to Customer’s email address indicated in the Order form, when it is addressed to Customer, and c) to Administrator’s email address indicated in Clause 8, when it is addressed to Administrator; 
- via regular mail, using a registered letter with a return receipt, or via courier mail with a delivery confirmation.

7.8. User and Administrator may at any moment enter into bilateral Contract governing use of Geodata Service. In this case terms of bilateral Contract shall supersede terms of the present User Agreement.


8. Administrator details:

Limited liability company “NextGIS”
Tax number (ÈÍÍ/ÊÏÏ): 7701921884/770101001
State registration number (ÎÃÐÍ): 1117746447610
Legal address: Novoryazanskaya str., 26, building 1, Moscow, Russia
Mailing address: Office 201, 23B bld. 20 Novaya Basmannaya street, Moscow, 107078, Russia
CEO: Maxim Y. Dubinin
Phone: +7 968 730 5252
Email: info@nextgis.com

